2024.5: small fixes to text (#32549)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2024-05-01-release-20245.markdown

the devices shown on the energy dashboard is a close second!

Oh! We've held our [State of the Open Home 2024 live stream](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oa__fLArsFk)!

> In case you've missed it, I would definitly recommend on watching it back.  There are tons of cool things

Reviewer: Typo in `definitely` and double space removal.

```suggestion
In case you've missed it, I would definitely recommend watching it back. There are tons of cool things
```
